ColorMeAwesome - Creating gradients between 2+ colors.
================================================================================


This sucker was made for one of my work projects that has colors for 0-100%.
Some needed the colors to go from red -> yellow -> green and others needed the
opposite. To add to that, some also needed greater weights between the colors
used so I ended up writing this in an evening and quite pleased with it getting
the job done.

Loading
-------

Loading is available either frontend or backend and is AMD supported. If you
have CommonJS/RequireJS/Equivalent then it'll be ready to go. Otherwise it'll
assign itself to the global namespace as ColorMeAwesome.

RequireJS:
```javascript
require(['colormeawesome'], function(ColorMeAwesome) {
    var colors = new ColorMeAwesome(['#ffffff', '#000000'], 100);
});
```

Node:
```javascript
var ColorMeAwesome = require('path/to/colormeawesome');
var colors = new ColorMeAwesome(['#ffffff', '#000000'], 100);
```

Plain:
```javascript
<script src="path/to/colormeawesome.js" type="text/javascript"></script>
<script type="text/javascript">
    var colors = new ColorMeAwesome(['#ffffff', '#000000'], 100);
</script>
```

Usage
-----

Using it is simple enough. Just passing the data along to the constructor will
be all that you need to get colors, yet there are some open methods as well.

Basic Example:
```javascript
/*
 * Create a white to gray to black gradient in 20 steps.
 */
var colors = new ColorMeAwesome(['#ffffff', '#cccccc', '#000000'], 20);

/*
 * Note, until you actually use the colors nothing gets generated, and after
 * generating colors either by using getGeneratedColors or one of the point
 * access methods then resetting your colors to use or steps to take will
 * reset them.
 */
console.log(colors.getGeneratedColors());
console.log(colors.getColorByPercent(25));
console.log(colors.getColorByStep(5));
```

Notice, by having step be an integer ColorMeAwesome will try and make even
zones between all colors used and any left over (modulus) will go into the
last zone. So in the above example, the first zone is 8 steps, and the second
one is 9 steps plus the 3 colors used to give us all 20 steps.

Instead, you can also give different weights like so:
```javascript
/*
 * This time we're created weighted steps. In total this will give us 25
 * steps, which that 25 includes the 3 colors used. Note, steps.length is
 * colors.length - 1.
 */
var colors = new ColorMeAwesome(['#ffffff', '#cccccc', '#000000'], [5, 20]);

console.log(colors.getGeneratedColors());
console.log(colors.getColorByPercent(25));
console.log(colors.getColorByStep(5));
```

All Accessible Methods
----------------------

Method | Parameters | Returns | Description
--- | --- | --- | ---
`constructor` | `Array colors ['#ffffff', '#000000']`, `Number or Array steps 10` | `ColorMeAwesome` | When initializing you can send along your colors and steps.
`setColors` | `Array colors` | `ColorMeAwesome` | At any point you can change your colors, however this will call `empty`.
`setSteps` | `Number or Array steps` | `ColorMeAwesome` | At any point you can change your steps, however this will call `empty`.
`reset` | | `ColorMeAwesome` | Reset will put everything back to a default state.
`empty` | | `ColorMeAwesome` | This will empty out our generated results.
`getColors` | | `Array colors` | Get our color points that we're going to use.
`getSteps` | | `Number or Array steps` | Get our steps whether it's an array or number.
`getGeneratedColors` | | `Array generatedColors` | Get an array back of all of our generated colors.
`getColorByStep` | `Number step` | `String` | Get a given color at a step. If your step is out of bounds it'll use the min or max.
`getColorByPercent` | `Number percent` | `String` | Same as by step, yet instead uses a percent of 0-100.
`getNumberOfSteps` | | `Number numberOfSteps` | Returns our total number of steps that we're going to be taking.
`isWeighted` | | `Boolean weighted` | Returns true if we're using weighted zones.

Submitting bugs and feature requests
------------------------------------

Please send bugs to me via
[GitHub](https://github.com/mullanaphy/ColorMeAwesome/issues)

Author
------

John Mullanaphy - <john@jo.mu> - <http://jo.mu/>
That's it for now...

License
-------

ColorMeAwesome is licensed under the Open Software License (OSL 3.0) -
see the `LICENSE` file for details